Please hear me carefully!
The Yuntai Clan was formed.
This !
The land has been prepared for you.
No matter what your
firing amount is, you do not need to escape from my cold
heart, even if it
is for good
Everyone shot their clubs, but Jiroji couldn't defend himself,
yet he fell into an empty trap as he was sarcastically ref largest
No, I have no fear...
No man should be ashamed of the brotherhood he has impressed forever...
when
it doesn't botherumentalism,
they say.
But Master Hishinomu...
Who the hell do you think you are?
How did you hear Imahara's
doing punches and punches from above?
As soon as Y DiskussиSnOt Oğlum sO Brurp bothered by
I must forget about it.
I'm sorry.
If you're going home,
I'll be with you.
Goodbye, young man.
I'm sorry.
Master!